---
title: Positions
layout: page
---

# Overview

We are always looking for good people at Idiap.  Any open position will be
advertised on the
[Idiap jobs page](http://www.idiap.ch/en/join-us/job-opportunities); all are
funded except the speculative positions.  A speculative application is useful
if you anticipate a position being available soon, or if you have your own
funding.

# PhD students

I have one opening for a PhD student on a new SNSF-funded project NAST - Neural
Architectures for Speech Technology

* [Spiking neural architectures for speech prosody](http://www.idiap.ch/education-and-jobs/job-10263)

All the information is on that page.  SNSF is good for PhDs; it's real research
funding including travel and without commitments to industrial or EU project
partners.

# Post doctoral researchers

Right now I have no openings for post-docs.

Idiap can be a good place to do a post-doc.  If you want an academic career, it
is a springboard to a position elsewhere.  If you want to run a startup, it is
easy to transition into the [IdeArk incubator](http://www.ideark.ch/en/).  If
you are undecided, a post-doc can provide time to make an informed decision.

# Engineers

Recently we have more and more tech-transfer opportunities.  To this end we
open a position for one or more R&D engineers

* [R&D Engineer in Speech Processing](http://www.idiap.ch/education-and-jobs/job-10260)

The position would suit someone with a bachelors, masters or even PhD, but who
perhaps does not want an academic career.  We've already hired the one for
which it was opened, but more similar positions are expected so the slot
remains there.

# Interns

Right now I don't have internship openings.

Unless you have your own funding, interns are funded by Idiap with a stipend of
CHF ~2,500 per month.  In Martigny, this will pay rent, food and (some) beer;
you probably won't save anything.  An internship is suitable for someone doing
a masters and needing a project, or with a masters waiting to take a PhD
position.  It may also suit a PhD student wanting to broaden their knowledge.
An internship is not suitable for a PhD graduate unless you have a very clear
idea of where you're going next.
